README.md, before:

## ASP.NET Core MVC - Save and Display Image/Photo From Database (SQL Server) 
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZkoeNNjpmA

#### Some unfamiliar concepts but overall project structure is similar and I think it shouldn't be too hard to add images to DB upon object creation. This tutorial also includes some functionality I don't need such as viewing the image in a thumbnail before saving. Still need more clarification though on how I'm going to accomplish this.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## Asp.Net Core MVC Image Upload and Retrieve
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpJvqiHl1Fo

#### This tutorial is more in line with what I want to accomplish. I've got a better idea of how to implement picture uploads from object creation. Also, I don't anticipate having any issues displaying images from the DB as this should (fingers crossed) be straightforward.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## How to record guitar
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awzXNl30lKg

#### Looking into recording my audio samples for tunings and associated chords but there are some extra costs so this will likely end up being a future implementation unless I can find samples on the web or an API.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## Alternate Guitar Tunings A Fresh New Sound
## https://www.musical-u.com/learn/alternate-guitar-tunings-a-fresh-new-sound/

#### Found some audio samples here but not exactly what I need. After searching for a while for samples that I can download or an API I have found nothing. The audio sample feature will have to be a future implementaion to the site.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## Web Audio API
## https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API

#### Looked into this API for potentially creating the audio samples digitally, and although it seems it may be possible, I think exploring this route is out of scope for the project and I should spend my time elsewhere.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## How To Implement Search Functionality In ASP.NET Core MVC Index View VS2019
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHrBbQAqm0s

#### As the site is going to have a good bit of objects stored I definitely want a search bar. This was a pretty good tuturial, seems like a feasible addition.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## Implement search page in ASP NET Core
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb6TMtoGQEM

#### Another pretty good tutorial, simplified a couple of things for me. A search bar hopefully shouldn't be very difficult to implement.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## Search Box in Index Page ASP.NET CORE
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra38OYYk_-U

#### Doing more research into the search bar to feel more confident

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

Commit message:

WIP: updating README with time log

README.md, after:

# Research & Planning Log
#### Friday 02/18/2022
* 10:00 - Researching and making final decision to use ASP.Net Core MVC and not React
* 10:30 - Making rough draft of project timeline, to-dos, etc.
* 10:45 - Making rough draft of MVP and stretch goals (maybe mobile app?)
* 11:00 - Researching solutions for possible mobile app development







## The Perfect Match: ASP.NET Core Web API + Xamarin Mobile Apps - THR3010
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eKRQYP2s5g

## Create backend services for native mobile apps with ASP.NET Core
## https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/mobile/native-mobile-backend?view=aspnetcore-6.0

## Guide to Build Cross-Platform Applications with .NET Core
## https://blog.devgenius.io/guide-to-build-cross-platform-applications-with-net-core-cb4dd73f5c6e

#### I would really like to have a mobile app for this project eventually but I think for now it will be an extended stretch goal. 

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)


## ASP.NET Core MVC - Save and Display Image/Photo From Database (SQL Server) 
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZkoeNNjpmA

#### Some unfamiliar concepts but overall project structure is similar and I think it shouldn't be too hard to add images to DB upon object creation. This tutorial also includes some functionality I don't need such as viewing the image in a thumbnail before saving. Still need more clarification though on how I'm going to accomplish this.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## Asp.Net Core MVC Image Upload and Retrieve
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpJvqiHl1Fo

#### This tutorial is more in line with what I want to accomplish. I've got a better idea of how to implement picture uploads from object creation. Also, I don't anticipate having any issues displaying images from the DB as this should (fingers crossed) be straightforward.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## How to record guitar
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awzXNl30lKg

#### Looking into recording my audio samples for tunings and associated chords but there are some extra costs so this will likely end up being a future implementation unless I can find samples on the web or an API.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## Alternate Guitar Tunings A Fresh New Sound
## https://www.musical-u.com/learn/alternate-guitar-tunings-a-fresh-new-sound/

#### Found some audio samples here but not exactly what I need. After searching for a while for samples that I can download or an API I have found nothing. The audio sample feature will have to be a future implementaion to the site.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## Web Audio API
## https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API

#### Looked into this API for potentially creating the audio samples digitally, and although it seems it may be possible, I think exploring this route is out of scope for the project and I should spend my time elsewhere.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## How To Implement Search Functionality In ASP.NET Core MVC Index View VS2019
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHrBbQAqm0s

#### As the site is going to have a good bit of objects stored I definitely want a search bar. This was a pretty good tuturial, seems like a feasible addition.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## Implement search page in ASP NET Core
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb6TMtoGQEM

#### Another pretty good tutorial, simplified a couple of things for me. A search bar hopefully shouldn't be very difficult to implement.

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)

## Search Box in Index Page ASP.NET CORE
## https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra38OYYk_-U

#### Doing more research into the search bar to feel more confident

![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/solar.png)
